before this Monday as on Tuesday that China and a respite affected person the
precordillera de la araucanía where work has been accelerated in
clear ways to deliver aid for more distant families this should not
contact people who did not have information
Pastrana 5500 the graduates in the communes where the alert is still maintained
red as they are machine and curacautín curarrehue melipeuco the authorities
They delivered a report this one highlighting the work of the machinery of
road and the effective delivery of this day of 800 boxes of food for the
affected municipalities adding also transport to it military troops in
the Andean area ernie works
what we have increased and knows
the one with the machinery that voted and elida by hand that has put me directly
government that has increased the activity and that these the tito
places in what will go in curarrehue m in the different melipeuco foci in
curacautín has continued with him the arrival of the machinery to the places
where people have to be have their house
in the middle of the flight, it has become days of the beginning of this month whoever is for many
Iraqis is an important affectation and evaluated by legal guidelines such as
worst of the last five years at a rate of almost two meters of snow
fallen in such a short time
never seen before
it is true there is a huge complicity
in some places the small level exceeds 2 meters and a half
and if that today broke down the community has lost the roads
and day the enormous worry station to recover these collectivities
In addition, a health operation was established that there are 13 posts in the
Incommunicado zones even when you are willing a contingent of
professionals who come to know the situation in sum the delivery of supplies
to those in both rural sectors
finally bales are being sent for the tic tac animals in the high mountain
where it has been reported that they would not have to eat for two days
The Indian paint these bales on Thursday taking into account that
the early morning of this Tuesday they register -18 degrees in the last dictatorship that
it caused havoc in the area